c:\users\mateusz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fotobudka\Fotobudka\bin\Debug\Fotobudka.exe
c:\users\mateusz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fotobudka\Fotobudka\bin\Debug\Fotobudka.pdb
c:\users\mateusz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fotobudka\Fotobudka\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
c:\users\mateusz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fotobudka\Fotobudka\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
c:\users\mateusz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fotobudka\Fotobudka\obj\Debug\Fotobudka.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mateusz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fotobudka\Fotobudka\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\mateusz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fotobudka\Fotobudka\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\About.baml
c:\users\mateusz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fotobudka\Fotobudka\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\Appearance.baml
c:\users\mateusz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fotobudka\Fotobudka\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.baml
c:\users\mateusz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fotobudka\Fotobudka\obj\Debug\Pages\SettingsPage.baml
c:\users\mateusz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fotobudka\Fotobudka\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\mateusz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fotobudka\Fotobudka\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\mateusz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fotobudka\Fotobudka\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\About.g.cs
c:\users\mateusz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fotobudka\Fotobudka\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\Appearance.g.cs
c:\users\mateusz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fotobudka\Fotobudka\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.g.cs
c:\users\mateusz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fotobudka\Fotobudka\obj\Debug\Pages\SettingsPage.g.cs
c:\users\mateusz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fotobudka\Fotobudka\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mateusz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fotobudka\Fotobudka\obj\Debug\Fotobudka_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\mateusz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fotobudka\Fotobudka\obj\Debug\Fotobudka.g.resources
c:\users\mateusz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fotobudka\Fotobudka\obj\Debug\Fotobudka.exe
c:\users\mateusz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fotobudka\Fotobudka\obj\Debug\Fotobudka.pdb
c:\users\mateusz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fotobudka\Fotobudka\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
c:\users\mateusz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fotobudka\Fotobudka\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\mateusz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fotobudka\Fotobudka\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\mateusz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fotobudka\Fotobudka\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
c:\users\mateusz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fotobudka\Fotobudka\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\mateusz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fotobudka\Fotobudka\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
